dye_analyze1.py - Scripts for calculating the dye area using functions in dyearea.py.

dye_analyze2.py - See above.

dyearea.py - A library of functions used to analyze the area of the abdomen
filled with blue dye (normalized by the total abdomen area) after
stimulating each fly. Input data is from ImageJ (for each fly, draw an ROI
around the blue region of the abdomen and another one around the entire
abdomen).

dyeint.py - A library of functions used to analyze the intensity of the dye
in the abdomen.

gcanalyze.py - A script for analyzing the gcamp data using functions in
gclib.py

gclib.py - A library of functions used to analyze the gcamp data. Finds the
peak deltaf/f, the duration of the response, the area under the curve and
plots the results. Input data is from ImageJ (for each movie, draw an ROI
around the cibarium and calculate the intensity over time). To calculate
the deltaf/f trace, the background fluorescence is calculated using a
3-second time window before stimulation; the raw trace is then divided by
this number.  The peak deltaf/f is the peak of this trace; the duration is
the amount of time this trace is > 15%. The area under the curve is
calculated by summing the points that are >15% (area is time*intensity;
each point can be thought of as a rectangle where the base is 1 second and
the height is the intensity value). To normalize for different sampling
frequencies, the trace is first divided by the frequency. 

gcplot.py - A script for plotting the raw gcamp trace, the deltaf/f trace,
and the convolved trace for each movie using functions in gclib.py.

gctd.py - A script for plotting the cross-correlation function of the gcamp
signals from two ROIs in the specified movies.

tifftoavi.py - A script for converting tiffs into avis using ImageJ.
(Files exported from Slidebook are in multipage tiff format and DipImage
can't read them).

writemeans_gc.py - Calculates the mean and standard deviation for each
condition and writes them into a text file.
